In javascript, the console is an object which provides access to the browser debugging console.
The console object provides us with several different methods, like :
log()
error()
warn()
clear()
time() and timeEnd()
table()
count()
group() and groupEnd()
custom console logs

console.log() - Mainly used to log(print) the output to the console. We can put any type inside the log(), be it a string, array, object, boolean etc.
console.error() - Used to log error message to the console. Useful in testing of code. By default the error message will be highlighted with red color.
console.warn() - Used to log warning message to the console. By default the warning message will be highlighted with yellow color.
console.clear() - Used to clear the console. The console will be cleared, in case of Chrome a simple overlayed text will be printed like : 
  ‘Console was cleared’ while in firefox no message is returned.
console.time() and console.timeEnd() - Whenever we want to know the amount of time spend by a block or a function, we can make use of the time() and timeEnd() methods provided by the javascript console object.
  They take a label which must be same, and the code inside can be anything( function, object, simple console).
console.table() - This method allows us to generate a table inside a console. The input must be an array or an object which will be shown as a table.
console.count() - This method is used to count the number that the function hit by this counting method.
console.group() and console.groupEnd() - group() and groupEnd() methods of the console object allows us to group contents in a separate block, which will be indented.
  Just like the time() and the timeEnd() they also accepts label, again of same value.
Custom Console Logs - User can add Styling to the console logs in order to make logs Custom . 
  The Syntax for it is to add the css styling as a parameter to the logs which will replace %c in the logs
Console Sidebar - Console sidebar is used to organize logs and provides clarity in debugging experience.
